README.md, before:

[Tofacitinib Safety in Rheumatoid Arthritis]
=============

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Study%20Status-Repo%20Created-lightgray.svg" alt="Study Status: Design Finalized">

- Analytics use case(s): **Population-Level Estimation**
- Study type: **Clinical Application**
- Tags: **F2F, rheumatoid arthritis, drug safety, tofacitinib, etanercept, adalimumab, Xeljanz, Enbrel, Humira, RWD, RWE**
- Study lead: **Bridget Wang**
- Study lead forums tag: **[[Bridget Wang]](https://forums.ohdsi.org/u/bridgetwang)**
- Study start date: **May 2, 2018**
- Study end date: **January 31, 2020**
- Protocol: **-**
- Publications: **-**
- Results explorer: **-**

[Description]
This study aims to compare the safety of tofacitinib with adalimumab and etanercept in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). We will replicate the design and population inclusion criteria of an ongoing phase 3b/4 randomized clinical trial (NCT02092467), with the aim of predicting the RCT results using real-world evidence. In this study, we will analyze data from observational databases across the OHDSI network using the OHDSI CohortMethod package framework to perform this comparative study.  

License
=======

The [Study title] package is licensed under Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

Badge update and study name update

README.md, after:

[Predicting randomized clinical trial results with real-world evidence: A case study in the comparative safety of tofacitinib, adalimumab and etanercept in patients with rheumatoid arthritis]
=============

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Study%20Status-Design%20Finalized-brightgreen.svg" alt="Study Status: Design Finalized">

- Analytics use case(s): **Population-Level Estimation**
- Study type: **Clinical Application**
- Tags: **F2F, rheumatoid arthritis, drug safety, tofacitinib, etanercept, adalimumab, Xeljanz, Enbrel, Humira, RWD, RWE**
- Study lead: **Bridget Wang**
- Study lead forums tag: **[[Bridget Wang]](https://forums.ohdsi.org/u/bridgetwang)**
- Study start date: **May 2, 2018**
- Study end date: **January 31, 2020**
- Protocol: **-**
- Publications: **-**
- Results explorer: **-**

[Description]
This study aims to compare the safety of tofacitinib with adalimumab and etanercept in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). We will replicate the design and population inclusion criteria of an ongoing phase 3b/4 randomized clinical trial (NCT02092467), with the aim of predicting the RCT results using real-world evidence. In this study, we will analyze data from observational databases across the OHDSI network using the OHDSI CohortMethod package framework to perform this comparative study.  

License
=======

The [Study title] package is licensed under Apache License 2.0
